add opsgenie apikey envvar (#18662)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Opsgenie API keys can now be add via an evironment variable. [#18662](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/18662)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Opsgenie API keys can now be added via an environment variable. [#18662](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/18662)
```
